To submit content, browse this website, and otherwise make use of this service
you must agree to the terms specified in this document. Failure to do so will
result in a denial of service.

Crabber reserves the right to claim back usernames that have already been taken
if the situation demands it. (For instance, if the president of the United
States joins the site and wants his username, we would probably allow that.) If
your username is claimed back we will notify you, and be in touch to arrange a
new one for you. You may be given notice in advance but this is not guaranteed.

Follow the rules. Breaking a rule may result in banishment. Even if you don't
break the rules, the site, it's creator, and other moderators reserve the right
to suspend or terminate your account if we feel it's necessary. We may IP-ban
you if you are banned multiple times or commit an offense we deem worthy of
further punishment. These actions stated are the bare minimum, and we also
reserve the right to take further action at our own discretion. You have been
warned.

The basic rules are as follows:
  * Follow the law of both your own country and of the United States, as that's
    where the site is hosted.
  * Respect other users.
  * Do not reveal personal information of others. It's recommended not to
    reveal your own, but that's up to you unless we deem it inappropriate.
  * Hate speech is not allowed. This includes the saying of a few specific
    words (you know which ones I mean) as well as the general slander of
    people groups, whether minority or majority.
  * Political discussion is allowed up to a point. Once we feel it has crossed
    that point, we will take whatever actions we see fit.
  * Incel, alt-right, KKK, Nazi, and other hateful ideologies are not allowed.
    Go back to 4-chan and complain how this is an SJW site. We don't care.
  * Somewhat contrary to the previous rule: no cancel culture. Give people the
    benefit of the doubt and don't brigade them for their minor mistakes.
    People grow and this site encourages that.

Rules can and will be modified and/or appended, agreeing to these terms means
you agree to this current document in it's current state as well as all future
versions of it, regardless of whether you're notified of said changes.

Once more for the idiots, this document merely states the bare minimum of what
we will and won't allow. Just because something isn't disallowed here doesn't
mean we won't ban you for it.